The President:
From my family to yours,
I'd like to wish you a
happy Thanksgiving.
Like millions of Americans,
Michelle, Malia,
Sasha and I will spend
the day eating great food,
watching a little football,
and reflecting on how truly
lucky we are.
As Americans, each of us has our
own list of things and people to
be thankful for.
But there are some
blessings we all share.
We're especially grateful for
the men and women who defend our
country overseas.
To all the service members
eating Thanksgiving dinner far
from your families: the
American people are thinking of
you today.
And when you come home, we
intend to make sure that we
serve you as well as
you're serving America.
We're also grateful for the
Americans who are taking time
out of their holiday to serve
in soup kitchens and shelters,
making sure their neighbors have
a hot meal and a place to stay.
This sense of mutual
responsibility --
the idea that I'm
my brother's keeper;
that I'm my sister's keeper --
has always been part of what
makes our country special.
And it's one of the reasons
the Thanksgiving tradition
has endured.
The very first Thanksgiving
was a celebration of community
during a time of great hardship,
and we've followed that example
ever since.
Even when the fate of our
union was far from certain --
during a Civil War, two World
Wars, a Great Depression --
Americans drew strength
from each other.
They had faith that tomorrow
would be better than today.
We're grateful that they did.
As we gather around the table,
we pause to remember the
pilgrims, pioneers and patriots
who helped make this country
what it is.
They faced impossible odds, and
yet somehow, they persevered.
Today, it's our turn.
I know that for many of you,
this Thanksgiving is more
difficult than most.
But no matter how tough
things are right now,
we still give thanks for that
most American of blessings,
the chance to determine
our own destiny.
The problems we face
didn't develop overnight,
and we won't solve
them overnight.
But we will solve them.
All it takes is for each
of us to do our part.
With all the partisanship and
gridlock here in Washington,
it's easy to wonder if such
unity is really possible.
But think about what's
happening at this very moment:
Americans from all walks of
life are coming together as one
people, grateful for the
blessings of family, community,
and country.
If we keep that spirit alive, if
we support each other and look
out for each other and remember
that we're all in this together,
then I know that we, too,
will overcome the challenges
of our time.
So today, I'm thankful to
serve as your President and
Commander-in-Chief.
I'm thankful that my daughters
get to grow up in this great
country of ours.
And I'm thankful for the chance
to do my part, as together,
we make tomorrow
better than today.
Thanks, and have a
wonderful Thanksgiving.